0-     Introduction
	With the developement of medical technology, medical images are much more important in medical domain. These images contain a huge data of patients, studies and so on. As the stupendous increment of medical image, the method to handle the data become more and more important. This report present a method to parse DICOM files(medical image file) and to store and index the data parsed.

  0-1    Definition of DICOM
	Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) is a standard for handling, storing, printing, and transmitting information in medical imaging. It includes a file format definition and a network communications protocol. The communication protocol is an application protocol that uses TCP/IP to communicate between systems. DICOM files can be exchanged between two entities that are capable of receiving image and patient data in DICOM format. The National Electrical Manufacturers Association (NEMA) holds the copyright to this standard. It was developed by the DICOM Standards Committee, whose members are also partly members of NEMA.
	DICOM enables the integration of scanners, servers, workstations, printers, and network hardware from multiple manufacturers into a picture archiving and communication system (PACS). The different devices come with DICOM conformance statements which clearly state which DICOM classes they support. DICOM has been widely adopted by hospitals and is making inroads in smaller applications like dentists' and doctors' offices.[Wikipedia]

  0-2    Presentation of theme
	Our goal is to develop a DICOM indexing database searching and indexing DICOM files on a pre-defined directory. 
	Detail of the project:
	1. Design of a file notification system based on Inotify of Linux
	2. Parsing of DICOM files on the disk or on CD
	3. Storing and indexing parsed data to a database
	Use case:
	1. Backend to a DICOM web interface  
	2. Fast indexing of CD

1-     Global presentation of system 
	Basically, our system has two paties. One is a notification system which keep watch over the pre-defined directory. When there is an addition or deletion of DICOM files, the system will notify this modification to user and make the other service to work on the DICOM files. Another one is the principal system which works on parsing, storing and indexing. With the cooperation of these of paties, a great number of DICOM files will be handled. 

2-     Presentation of Inotify
	With the help of inotify, a service of linux kernel, we can create our notification system. The inotify API provides a mechanism for monitoring filesystem events.  Inotify can be used to monitor individual files, or to monitor directories.  When a directory is monitored, inotify will return events for the directory itself, and for files inside the directory. 
	System calls used with API:
	1. inotify_init creates an inotify instance and returns a file descriptor referring to the inotify instance.
	2. inotify_add_watch manipulates the "wathc list" associated with an inotify instance.
	3. inotify_rm_watch removes an item("watch") from an inotify watch list.
	In current version of inotify, we can handle many events such like file/directory creating, file/directory deletion, file/directory moving and so on. All these provide enough supporting for our notification system.

3-     Review of indexing software
	a.      Indexing for non-image ( description of Apache lucene or lemur … for indexing pdf and others)
	Nowadays, there are many open source search engines which are capable of managing large amount of data. These search engines can be classified according to the programming languages in which it is implemented, how it store the index(inverted file, database, other file structure), its searching capabilities(boolen operators, fuzzy search, use of stemming, etc), way of ranking, type of files capable of indexing(HTML, PDF, plain text, etc), possibility of on-line indexing and/or making incremental index.
	Apache Lucene is a free open source information retrieval software library, originally written in Java by Doug Cutting. It is supported by the Apache Software Foundation and is released under the Apache Software License. Lucene has been ported to other programming languages including Delphi, Perl, C#, C++, Python, Ruby, and PHP. While suitable for any application that requires full text indexing and searching capability, Lucene has been widely recognized for its utility in the implementation of Internet search engines and local, single-site searching. At the core of Lucene's logical architecture is the idea of a document containing fields of text. This flexibility allows Lucene's API to be independent of the file format. Text from PDFs, HTML, Microsoft Word, and OpenDocument documents, as well as many others (except images), can all be indexed as long as their textual information can be extracted. 	
	Presentation of methode using Lucene for indexing.

	b.      Review of indexing for images ( pros/cons of MongoDB for DICOM tag)
	SQL databases(pros/cons)
	MongoDB (from humongous) is a cross-platform document-oriented database. Classified as a NoSQL database, MongoDB eschews the traditional table-based relational database structure in favor of JSON-like documents with dynamic schemas (MongoDB calls the format BSON), making the integration of data in certain types of applications easier and faster. Released under a combination of the GNU Affero General Public License and the Apache License, MongoDB is free and open-source software.
	Specify why Mongodb not SQL database.
	Presentation of methode using Mongodb.

	c. Methode choosed(MongoDB)

4-     Description of our implementation of a DICOM tag indexer

	a.      Implementation

	b.      Performance improvement (incremental indexing? 20 tag first and then more tags)

	c.      Evaluation of indexing time (using SSD disk, sub-directories, large or small DICOM file) evaluate indexing time and disk access time.

	d.      Administrative Updates and Corrections (rename patient)

	e.      Cross-domain Identity and Code Resolution (merge patient ID?) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vendor_Neutral_Archive#Dynamic_Tag_Morphing

	g.      DICOM tag morphing


Reference
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DICOM
http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/inotify.7.html
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucene
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MongoDB

#1-     Presentation of VNA
	A Vendor Neutral Archive (VNA) is a medical imaging technology in which images and documents (and potentially any file of clinical relevance) are stored (archived) in a standard format with a standard interface, such that they can be accessed in a vendor-neutral manner by other systems.
	This terminology is used as distinct from a traditional Picture Archiving and Communications Systems (PACS: A picture archiving and communication system (PACS) is a medical imaging technology which provides economical storage and convenient access to images from multiple modalities (source machine types).), although there is debate about where the boundary between a VNA and a PACS lies along the continuum of their common features.	
	a.      Image

	b.      Non-image#

